What would happen after someone die. Will they? Go to heaven? Hell? or the void? Nothingness.The thought about where will go after death sparks my curiosity as I have always been questioning about my existence or human existence.Would it be a nice thing to be in heaven after death, or is it. The idea of the void scared me, imagine the day where I die, then the end. Nothing more. Human life is indeed fraglie, throughout time, countless have dropped their life pointlessly, on battlefield, in war, in conflict, in things human has no control over. And yet, now we got to this place while it almost looks like I have a bright future ahead, the truth is there is no way knowning when will I die, it could be tomorrow, the day after, next week, next month, next year, etc. I’m writing this because I feel like a suddend departure of mine would probably, I don’t know, question? But I am not that special right? Right?But still I’m writing this maybe because the thought of finally reaching out, opening up about life and things I have been through would probably given answer to any who might curious. This is before I’m reaching my 25 just 1 month 4 days away. It has been quite a long journey for me to get to this place. I know what other people have been talking about me, some might call me a coward, some thought that I am a bad person, others think I’m just a weirdo and useless. While I feel like I am being disrepectful because the way other people see me, I’m not completely disagree with the thought.I am truly, a selfish person. Am I a bad person. Perhaps? It depends on what is your definition of what is bad and what you know about meAm I a weirdo? Yes I am, I don’t think I have ever found anyone who can resonate with me, I never been good at socializing, I’m way to different, I think too much, I search too much.Am I useless? Well I don’t think I have ever seen myself useful.Why am I like this? A person who only knows of himself, a person who would refuse to speak, remain to stay silent and observe and then hate, hate the thing that he saw, hate the way other people treat him? Because I’m weak, because I am not a good person, because I don’t like the person I’m talking with, because hatred. Hate on life and society, hate the thing I have become, hate that people have the things I wish I could have but I don’t. And it’s because, life is a tragedy. But. I care. I want to be a nice person for you, for everyone but it’s hopeless. I’m weak, I choose to run away when I should face you and tell you the things that I have always want to say. But I care, I truly do, I don’t know how to say it, I don’t know how to not make it a weird thing. I’m scared because all the heartbreak, because all the rejection, because all the bad stuffs people have been saying behind my back. I care too much it became a problemYou don’t have to see me like this. I’m glad you didn’tThere are memories, there are days still fresh on my mind. I remember it. I remember the radio, the clunky bed I used to sleep on, those friends who has been there for me while no one else does, the day where the concrete ground sparlking in my mind, the time where I wish time would stop when you are laying next to me. I will cherish them, everyday til the day I’m goneThank you all for being there for me despite the person that I am.